when you listen to older generations
bitch every other the old people you
knew when you were a little kid when you
were young you were a little kid and you
had fucking the old people would always
complain they always complain about the
next generation being too out of control
and their two deviant they got no morals
these kids are crazy these kids today
they smoke these marijuana sticks are
you read in the news print and it makes
them crazy they they they go crazy in a
daze they go flying off of buildings and
they rape white women it's crazy nigga
no no mores in our day if you wanted to
have fun you just went to a barn dance
and we didn't even finger fuck till we
were like 35 years old or whatever it
was always that the view kids were
taking too many chances and they were
pushing it too far we're gonna be the
first generation of old people we're
gonna be on Walker's holding our piss
bag in a fucking heads that are the
opposite of those guys go look at these
kids today these half faggots me we used
to do crank off a titty dancers beverlyn
we didn't care what her tattoo said now
these pussies they drink a redbull and
they go outside to smoke and the closest
they've come to a fist fight is on a
message board
fucking zero adrenaline you looking at
my girl I'm gonna delete you from my
myspace friends how do you like that
thank you said maybe I'm out of
cigarettes I got one but if you got some
hate to go into the crowd for that
Panhandle during my act thank you here
darling you're beautiful does my bald
headed girl she just got out of an
insane asylum and she's bald and you
know what I love about that that as
fantastic you're one of the most
brilliant people I've ever met my life